Hey, for the sake of the princess
Spare your life
I will never forgive you next time.
Why don't you hurry up and thank Wang Xun?
come down
Wang Xu
Can you give me another bottle of perfume?
I restore your leader support
I also need how many flowers I will pick for you.
It's ok.
I can make as many as I want with enough money
Princess, what if he makes perfume?
Tomorrow is the emperor's birthday
The flower brew for the emperor is gone
At that time, the emperor will be angry
Everyone in the mansion must die
Well, don't worry.
This palace is the daughter of my father
Father, I won't do anything to this palace
I said I wouldn't take the princess
But it's over between us until the next one
I'm not married yet.
Hey, don't worry.
I will prepare for the life of the emperor tomorrow.
Guaranteed to keep us on top
And yeah
I will impress them with our Duke's Mansion